Proposal to rephrase the Reg_Info definition (#113)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

Registration:

> : the process of submitting a Signed Statement to a Transparency Service, applying the Transparency Service's Registration Policy, storing the Signed Statement in the Registry, and producing a Receipt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: the process of submitting a Signed Statement to a Transparency Service, applying the Transparency Service's Registration Policy, and producing a Receipt.
```

Reviewer 2: Good catch

- Issuer (label: `TBD`, temporary: `391`): DID (Decentralized Identifier {{DID-CORE}}) of the signer, as a string. `did:web:example.com` is an example of a DID.
- Feed (label: `TBD`, temporary: `392`): The Issuer's name for the Artifact, as a string.
- Content type (label: `3`): Media type of payload, as a string. For example, `application/spdx+json` is the media type of SDPX in JSON encoding.

> - Registration Policy info (label: `TBD`, temporary: `393`): A map containing key/value pairs set by the Issuer which are sealed on Registration and non-opaque to the Transparency Service. The key/value pair semantics are specified by each Issuer or are specific to the Issuer and Feed tupel. Examples include: the sequence number of signed statements on a feed, Issuer metadata, or a reference to other transparent statements (e.g., augments, replaces, new-version, CPE-for).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Registration Policy info (label: `TBD`, temporary: `393`): A map containing key/value pairs set by the Issuer which are sealed on Registration and non-opaque to the Transparency Service. The key/value pair semantics are specified by each Issuer or are specific to the Issuer and Feed tuple. Examples include: the sequence number of signed statements on a feed, Issuer metadata, or a reference to other transparent statements (e.g., augments, replaces, new-version, CPE-for).
```

> - Registration Policy info (label: `TBD`, temporary: `393`): A map containing key/value pairs provided and controlled by the Issuer that are sealed on Registration and non-opaque to the Transparency Service. The key/value pair semantics are specified by each individual Issuer or are specific to the Issuer and Feed tupel. Examples include: sequence number of signed statement on feed, Issuer metadata, or reference to other transparent statements (e.g., augments, replaces, new-version, CPE-for).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Registration Policy info (label: `TBD`, temporary: `393`): A map containing key/value pairs provided and controlled by the Issuer that are sealed on Registration and non-opaque to the Transparency Service. The key/value pair semantics are specified by each individual Issuer or are specific to the Issuer and Feed tuple. Examples include: sequence number of signed statement on feed, Issuer metadata, or reference to other transparent statements (e.g., augments, replaces, new-version, CPE-for).
```

- Key ID (label: `4`): Key ID, as a bytestring.

Registration:

> : the process of submitting a Signed Statement to a Transparency Service, applying the Transparency Service's Registration Policy, storing the Signed Statement in the Registry, producing a Receipt, and returning it to the submitting Issuer.

Reviewer 3: We have the principle of 'long running operations' in SCITT and in order to be practical we can't define an API or components that block for the time it takes to settle or achieve finality on certain kinds of ledger systems. IN order to avoid the implication that Registration is a single atomic operation that starts with a Signed Statement and ends with a final Receipt. This suggestion still compels the TS to produce the receipt, but it can then be returned, or later fetched, depending on implementation.

```suggestion
: the process of submitting a Signed Statement to a Transparency Service, applying the Transparency Service's Registration Policy, storing the Signed Statement in the Registry, and producing a Receipt.
```

- Issuer (label: `TBD`, temporary: `391`): DID (Decentralized Identifier {{DID-CORE}}) of the signer, as a string. `did:web:example.com` is an example of a DID.
- Feed (label: `TBD`, temporary: `392`): The Issuer's name for the Artifact, as a string.
- Content type (label: `3`): Media type of payload, as a string. For example, `application/spdx+json` is the media type of SDPX in JSON encoding.

> - Registration Policy info (label: `TBD`, temporary: `393`): A map containing key/value pairs provided and controlled by the Issuer that are sealed on Registration and non-opaque to the Transparency Service. The key/value pair semantics are specified by each individual Issuer or are specific to the Issuer and Feed tupel. Examples include: sequence number of signed statement on feed, Issuer metadata, or reference to other transparent statements (e.g., augments, replaces, new-version, CPE-for).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Registration Policy info (label: `TBD`, temporary: `393`): A map containing key/value pairs set by the Issuer which are sealed on Registration and non-opaque to the Transparency Service. The key/value pair semantics are specified by each Issuer or are specific to the Issuer and Feed tupel. Examples include: the sequence number of signed statements on a feed, Issuer metadata, or a reference to other transparent statements (e.g., augments, replaces, new-version, CPE-for).
```

Reviewer 4: Very minor nit: tuple, not tupe in "to the Issuer and Feed tupel." Otherwise, it makes thinks a little clearer for me.

- Key ID (label: `4`): Key ID, as a bytestring.

Registration:

> : the process of submitting a Signed Statement to a Transparency Service, applying the Transparency Service's Registration Policy, storing it in the Registry, producing a Receipt, and returning it to the submitting Issuer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: the process of submitting a Signed Statement to a Transparency Service, applying the Transparency Service's Registration Policy, storing the Signed Statement in the Registry, producing a Receipt, and returning it to the submitting Issuer.
```
Clarified "it" to be the signed statement, and not which policy was applied. 
Although, we should clarify if each statement references the policy(s) applied, or does the SCITT service make entries when a policy changes?

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Removing 2 extra blank lines
